What do you mean your people? What do you mean? Your people?
You mean your Russians? Did you hear what she said about Russians? Did you.
Hear what she says? Russians, I love Russians. You know what I didn't love.
Yeah. The Russian recruiting video that came out, that was terrifying.
Did you watch him? No. I told you about it and of course you didn't watch it.
I didn't watch it. Oh, shocker. Um, the USA put out a, a recruiting video.
Yes. And then like a day or two later, Russia put one out.
And the recruiting fruit video in the states was a animation of a,
a female soldier. Yeah. With two moms. And she was gonna go change the world.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> right. Russia came out with <laugh>. It's like,
it's the, the character from like Rocky essentially.
And there are guys in the mud and just in the range, just doing pushups,
just pushing it out. They're just like, they see their boot.
They're just like crushing things. And I'm like, and it's all like,
and deep rush in the voice. I'm like, oh my God.
Yeah. Which one is better? Would you say, which bothered you more?
What do you mean by bother specify?
So deception is a funny thing cuz when you're young and you're choosing to go to
the military or not, it's not like, you know,
like none of us know what the best trajectory for our life is. Right.
For many people go to the military is a really makes them incredible human
beings. Some of the best people in this world, I know our soldier. So it's,
I'm not, I don't mean like it's somehow bad to go to the military.
I think it's a great choice. But there is something
the honest truth is I just don't like marketing people <laugh> well,
and so this is essentially a marketing effort. Yeah. It.
Is a marketing effort. And.
So which one do you like as a marketing effort? Better <laugh> Russia.
Well, oof. Yeah, I do it there. Go. There you go. I do.
Cuz Canada doesn't you know what our recruiting videos are. It's like, um, uh,
I love it. They're the best. Sorry a yeah. Oh. Here we go. It's starting.
It's started. Awesome. So Canada does these ones where it's like, um,
it'll have a bunch of like soldiers doing movements and they'll like,
snip it together really quick.
It'll be like a Navy one and a guy jumping of a plane.
And then it'll be like an artillery. And then like an armored.
Then it'll be like join the Canadian forces today. And like that's like their,
their video. So it's like very marketable,
very palatable to Canadians who don't really want war and who don't really
acknowledge the,
their military in the first place and do everything they can to make sure that
vets don't get any support when they come home. So they,
I can see why that one is, uh, acceptable.
What Russia did was meant to be more of an intimidation tactic. In my opinion.
I like that style better though. I think we need harder. I need,
I think we need people to be,
I think it's acceptable and okay to say that our soldiers need to have a harder
mindset, a stronger mindset,
a better mentality and mental health support going into the service and a harder
body. Because I know when you go to the us,
I've also encountered plenty of soldiers that are 600 pounds.
What are you gonna do?